# A-Novel-Iterative-Stable-Algorithm-for-Global-Moho-Modeling-in-the-Spherical-Harmonic-Domain
The code for "A Novel Iterative Stable Algorithm for Global Moho Modeling in the Spherical Harmonic Domain" A detailed description is provided below: Operating System: Windows 10/11, MATLAB
Data Description： There are two datasets provided. The first is a synthetic example based on the Airy-Heiskanen isostasy model. The corresponding global Moho gravity disturbance is obtained via gravity forward  modeling, and the data file is named "Airy_attraction.txt". The second dataset is a refined gravity disturbance after applying stripping corrections, and the file is named "Moho_attraction.txt". In both files, the first column represents longitude, the second column represents latitude, and the third column provides the corresponding gravity disturbance values.
Code Description： We developed a MATLAB-based GUI application. The main program is named Moho_Inv. After launching the interface, users can load the global Moho gravity disturbance data in the Data Input module. The user then sets parameters including computation height, tolerance, maximum number of iterations, density, average depth, and damping factor α. By clicking the Compute button, the inversion result will be obtained.
The software also includes a built-in forward modeling module for global Moho gravity anomalies. By setting the average depth, density, and computation height, users can perform forward modeling for closed-loop validation.
